The mini-project "IoT-based Smart Parking Management System" will focus on the development of an intelligent parking management system based on the Internet of Things. The system will integrate the technologies already mentioned, such as Spring IoC, Java Stream, Advance Native SQL query, containerization and microservices, Kafka and stream-based applications, Redis, Caching Strategy and Data Grid, Elastic, and Non-Relational DB. Here's a brief overview of how this project can be implemented:  

Project Description  

The IoT-based Smart Parking Management System is an innovative solution to intelligently manage parking spaces. The system will use the IoT sensors installed on each parking slot to detect the availability and use of slots. This information will be processed and presented through an intuitive user interface.  

Project Core Component : 

1. IoC Spring IoC (inversion of control) will be used to manage components in the system. It will help connect different parts of the system in a structured and manageable way.  

2. Java Stream Java Stream will be used to manipulate and process data received from IoT sensors. This allows data processing to be efficiently and easily integrated with other components.  

3. Advanced Native SQL Query Advanced native SQL queries will be used to perform complex data manipulation within the database. For example, calculating parking usage statistics, predicting usage trends, etc.  

4. Containerization and microservices The system will be broken down into micro-services that can be regulated using containerization technology like Docker. Each service will have its own responsibilities, allowing for easier scale and development.  

5. Kafka and Stream-Based Applications Apache Kafka will be used to build a message delivery system and stream data. This allows the system to respond promptly to changes in parking status and provide accurate information to users.  

6. Redis, Caching Strategy, and Data Grid Redis will be used as a cache to store frequently accessed data, such as updated parking status. This will reduce the load on the main database and improve system response.  

7. Elastic and Other Non-Relational Databases Elasticsearch or other non-relational databases will be used to store historical data and allow quick searches in the history of parking usage. It also helps in long-term trend analysis. 

 Expected Results  

By combining all these components, the project will produce an efficient and responsive smart parking management system. Users will be able to view parking availability in real time, get estimated waiting times, and even see usage history. The use of technologies such as Spring IoC, Java Stream, Kafka, Redis, and others will improve system performance and scalability. 